**Annual Meeting of the International Scattering Alliance**

15.00 CET on 24 March 2025

Meeting via Zoom

1. Opening of Meeting and Approval of Agenda  
2. Appointment of person to record minutes and a person to check minutes  
3. Note attendance and quoracy  
4. Approval of accounts  
   1. Report on accounts by Treasurer, A. J. Jackson  
   2. Report from auditor, P. Butler  
5. Appointment of an auditor  
   1. Proposal to appoint P. D. Butler as auditor for 2025  
6. Report on activities by Chair, T. Snow  
7. Any other business

1\. The meeting is opened at 15:48 24 March 2025, and the agenda is approved.

2\. Brian Maranville is appointed to record the minutes, and Paul Butler to check the minutes.

3\. We have a quorum (all board members are present) as well as

* Adrian Rennie  
* Brian Pauw  
* Jos Cooper  
* Paul Butler  
* Wojtek Potrzebowski  
* Max Skoda  
* Tom Arnold

4\. Approval of the accounts: Paul Butler raises the issue that we have listed no assets, but that the domain names might be considered an asset.  It is difficult to tell what the value would be. This is taken as a point of advice for preparing the accounts for the next year \- the treasurer agrees to look into this under Swedish law.  Adrian Rennie points out that these are not likely to generate income, and may in fact be considered liabilities.  The accounts are approved unanimously.

5\. The board proposes to appoint Paul Butler as auditor for 2025\.  This proposal is approved and Paul agrees to do this.

6\. Report on activities from the chair, Tim Snow:

* In the last year we have achieved two things:   
* Code signing for Macos platform  
* Retained banking through sending paperwork in an expensive way around the world (signatures have to be in ink and then sent around the world).  We don’t anticipate having to set aside a dedicated fund for sending documents, but it is a consideration.  (it cost about 200 Euros during this last round of signing).  Andrew Jackson: we should try to consolidate major actions that require signatures into a small number of meetings in order to limit the amount of paperwork signing that has to be done.  Tim: for this upcoming financial year, we anticipate having a PayPal account for donations, which will require paperwork to be signed and filed.  We also anticipate having one or more additional appointments to the board in the next year, we would be happy to have a deputy Treasurer.  Wojtek has expressed interest in filling this position.  We will have an extraordinary meeting to have additional nominations to the board at that time.  We will try to approve the PayPal and additional board member at the same time.

7\. All other business: Adrian Rennie expresses thanks for the work done by the board and Paul Butler as auditor.

The meeting is closed at 16:06 CET.

