## Annual Meeting of the International Scattering Alliance

14.00 GMT on 27 March 2024

Meeting via Zoom

1. Opening of Meeting and Approval of Agenda  
2. Appointment of person to record minutes and a person to check minutes  
3. Note attendance and quoracy  
4. Election to fill 2 board seats(end of 3-year term)  
5. Approval of accounts  
   1. Report on accounts by Treasurer, A. J. Jackson  
   2. Report from auditor, P. Butler  
6. Appointment of an auditor  
   1. Proposal to appoint P. D. Butler as auditor for 2024  
7. Report on activities by Chair, T. Snow  
8. Any other business

1\. The meeting is opened at 14:14 GMT, and the agenda is approved.  
2\. Brian Maranville is appointed to record minutes, and Tim Snow will check the minutes.  
3\. All board members are present, as well as

* Paul Butler  
* Wojtek Potrzebowski  
* Andy Smith  
* Brian Pauw  
* Adrian Rennie  
* Joshaniel Cooper  
* Thomas Arnold

4\. No other candidates volunteer to serve on the board.  Brian Maranville and Andrew Jackson are nominated to serve another 3 year term on the board, and are elected by majority of the members present.  
5\. Approval of accounts: this year, an influx of 30000 Crowns (from ESS membership).  Our outgoing costs are only from banking costs and domain name leases thus far.  Total outgoing sum is 2741, total capital at the end of the year is 33750 and our annual surplus is 27259 (all amounts in Swedish Crowns).  The accounts are approved by unanimous consent.  
6\. It is proposed that Paul Butler serve as an auditor for 2024\.  Paul is appointed by a majority of the members present.  
7\. Over the past year, the two main activities have been hosting domains, and purchasing email addresses.  We have now obtained an Apple Certificate for signing software (free of charge, as we work with open-source software and are a non-profit organization).  Wojtek had been leading the effort to implement a code-signing workflow for software for member organizations.  We will be obtaining a developer certificate for Microsoft Windows-based computers.  There are more options available for Microsoft certificates, of varying cost.  At a minimum we are suggesting getting a certificate that will at least allow software to run with a warning, preferring a certificate that allows running without any warnings.  
8\.  All other business: T. Arnold asks if we have a strategy for recruiting new members for ISA.  T. Snow suggests that by demonstrating our ability to sign code, we can potentially recruit e.g. ISIS as a paying institutional member.  There is interest from the Advanced Light Source in the US, especially if we can provide code signing.  We might have in the future the ability to request donations through our PayPal account.  A. Jackson: this might be happening soon.  T. Snow mentions that there is a possibility that the general public might also want to contribute to the ISA.  A. Rennie: there is a question as to how much money we really need to raise.  We don’t want to have large balances in banking accounts, in an organization for the common good in Sweden.  T. Snow: at this point in time, we still haven’t really implemented some of the services we have been interested in providing, like web hosting.  For those types of activities we might need more funds.  P. Butler: we also need to make sure we have a sustained flow of money coming in before we start considering adding more costly services.

The meeting is closed at 14:40 GMT

Minutes taken by:

Brian B. Maranville	Date: 

Minutes checked by:

Andrew Jackson	Date: 

Chair of meeting

Tim Snow		Date: 