**Annual Meeting of the International Scattering Alliance**

15.00 CET on 30 March 2023

Meeting via Zoom

1. Opening of Meeting and Approval of Agenda  
     
2. Appointment of person to record minutes and a person to check minutes

3. Note attendance and quoracy

4. Election of a new Chair of the Board of the Alliance

5. Approval of accounts  
   1. Report on accounts by Treasurer, A. J. Jackson  
   2. Report from auditor, P. Butler

6. Appointment of an auditor  
   1. Proposal to appoint P. D. Butler as auditor for 2023

7. Report on activities by Treasurer and Acting Chair, A. J. Jackson

8. Any other business

1\. The meeting is opened at 16:03 Stockholm time 2023-03-30.  The agenda is approved by unanimous assent

2\. Brian Maranville is appointed to record the minutes, and Judith Houston is appointed to check the minutes.

3\.  The meeting is quorate, with all board members present and 6 members of the Alliance.  Present:

* Brian Maranville  
* Tim Snow  
* Andrew Jackson  
* Paul Butler  
* Adrian Rennie  
* Judith Houston  
* Max Skoda  
* Wojciech Potrzebowski

4\.  Tim Snow is nominated to take over as the new Chair of the Board of the ISA, by Andrew Jackson.  Tim is elected by a unanimous vote to be the Chair of the Board.

5\. A report on the accounts is presented by the Treasurer, Andrew Jackson.  There was a question about whether the domain names are renewed annually, and the answer is yes, as we don’t have enough reserve capital to make longer-term leases at the moment.

6\. Andrew Jackson nominates Paul Butler to be the auditor for the Alliance in 2023, and Paul accepts the responsibility.

7\. Report on activities: Andrew notes that the previous Chair, Adrian Rennie, stepped down last year and that was the reason for us to nominate and elect a new Chair at this meeting.  The digital assets (domain names) currently held by the ISA are listed:

* ORSO (reflectometry.org)  
* SasView (sasview.org)  
* De-facto support for CanSAS via AJJ (cansas.org, cansas.net, smallangles.net, smallangle.org), with an agreement to be finalised in 2023  
* De-facto support for Neutrons and Food (neutronsandfood.org) via AJJ, again with an agreement to be finalised in 2023\.

Wojciech speaks about the need for developer signing certificates.

Andrew is in discussions with Tom Arnold on how to link ORSO to ISA.

8\. Any other business: no other business was raised prior to the meeting.  We express appreciation to Adrian for starting the ISA, and all the work he put into it.  Wojciech mentions that it would be nice to have the ISA support the scattering length database developed with Artur Glavic, and currently hosted by ESS (requires a hosted server)

The meeting is closed at 16:21 Stockholm time.

